# Day18:Article
## 24/02/2022
  Its my 18th day of internship i started my day with working on the problem which
was given on the yesterdays session and then i started working on html i made few
changes in my webpage and learned about few attributes,i learned about required 
attribute which will displays a alert message when the input field is empty and
learned about using javascript in html,i learned about using java script to give
alert when any field is submitted emptyly or has min or max characters then the 
declared value and then i started to recall the javascript basis which i learned 
before i recalled about variables which acts like a container to store values,
variables are declared using keywords var,let and const.The let cannot be redeclared
,it has block scope and the keyword const can be redeclared but cannot be 
reassigned and have block scope and about operators which are the symbols that
provides results based on two values or variables and about conditionals which are
code structures used to test if an expression is true or not and about functions
which are code snippets that can be called by other codes or by itself or by the
variables that refers to the function and then event handlers that can be used to
handle and verify user input,user actions and browser actions. java script has two
values which are fixed and variable values,fixed values are called literals the
important syntax rules for fixed values are numbers which are written with or 
without decimals and then strings which are the text written within double or single
quotes and learned about objects,objects are standalone entity with properties and
types,javascript strings which are for storing and manipulating text,it is zero or
more characters written inside quotes and learned about array which is a single
variable that is used to store different elements,it is often used when we want to
store list of elements and access them by a single variable and learned about its
attibutes and thats how the day went  
